The software respects and protects the personal privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, the software will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the software will not disclose such information to the public or provide it to third parties without your prior permission. The software will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When you agree to this Software Service Use Agreement, you shall be deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Software Service Use Agreement.
A) When you use the network service of the Software, the Software automatically receives and records information on your mobile phone, including but not limited to your health data, language used, date and time of visit, information of software and hardware characteristics, and web page records required by you;
2. Use of Information a) After obtaining your data, the software will upload it to the server to generate your ranking data so that you can better use the Services.
3. Information Disclosure a) The software will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties. B) Disclosure to a third party or an administrative or judicial agency in accordance with the relevant provisions of law or the requirements of an administrative or judicial agency; C) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;
4. Information Storage and Exchange The information and data about you collected by the software will be stored in the server of the software and/or its affiliated companies. Such information and data may be sent to the country or region where you are located or the place where the software collects the information and data, and be accessed, stored and displayed abroad.
5. Information Security a) You will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty when conducting online transactions using the network services of the Software. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is disclosed, please contact the customer service of the software immediately so that the software can take corresponding measures.
